Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which classmates did you consult with while working on this assignment?
- Which session(s) of TA / office hours did you attend?
- What are your initial impressions of Java? 
- Can you draw any conclusion about programming in general from the similarities or the differences between the two languages? 
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

I started off on a strong foot and was able to figure out the initial scanner creation as well as set up my methods. The first error I ran into was my scanner throwing a NoSuchElementException. I fixed this by making my scanner static and putting it below my class definition. I then decided to start on my transcriber method so I could work through my transcription as I created my code. I used an array and added everything to a specific position as I looped through my user inputs. Luckily, I only ran into one index out of bounds error that I easily solved by initially increasing the size of my array. I ran into the most errors when I attempted to create the mirror words method. I first created two mirroring arrays with the words in them, but quickly realized that that I would change a word and then it would change right back. I tried many different ways to fix this, such as using a series of if statements, rewriting my loop, and a few other solutions. However, none of these worked, and I ended up resorting to using the .split() method to separate the user's input into an array. I then created a nested for loop where I iterated through the array of words and then the array of mirror words. Despite doing this, every time I looped through a word, it would replace it, then replace it again. I went to two separate TA hours, but no one was able to figure it out, and none of us knew why it was even happening. Later, I realized that I could just break; my for loop once I replaced the word, and that solved my issue. This issue occured because my nested loop was going through the same word. I also could have fixed this error by making the inner loop iterate through the words in the word list, and the outer loop iterate through the list of mirror words. After this, I added some fun responses if the user happened to say something very specific. For this assignment, I consulted with my classmate Molly. I also got some help from my upperclassmen CS friends who introduced me to the .split() method. I attended two CS TA hours - Sun 1-3 and Sun 7-9, and got some help from the CS 110 TA, Yanning. If I were to give advice to a future student, I would tell them about the .split() method! I personally really enjoy Java! I've worked with Java the most compared to any other programming language so I already felt comfortable with it going into CS 120. I feel like the syntax of Java is actually what makes me the most comfortable with it. It has more structure than a language like python, and there's more room for clarity.